%<*driver>
%%!TEX TS-program = dtxmake
%%!TEX dtxmake-subengine = xelatexmk


\input docstrip.tex
\askforoverwritefalse
\edef\qnspbl{\perCent\space This is a LaTeX file.  It is a text file that is compiled^^J%
\perCent\space by a program called LaTeX into a pretty PDF file.^^J%
\perCent\space If you're viewing this file in Overleaf, you'll see that PDF^^J%
\perCent\space in the window to the right.^^J%
\perCent^^J%
\perCent\space This file is for typesetting the QUESTIONS in this homework assignment.^^J%
\perCent\space You can read the source code to learn more about how specific math^^J%
\perCent\space expressions are encoded in the LaTeX language. But you will edit a copy^^J%
\perCent\space of the file '\jobname.ans.tex' instead.^^J%
\perCent}
\edef\anspbl{\perCent\space This is a LaTeX file.  It is a text file that is compiled^^J%
\perCent\space by a program called LaTeX into a pretty PDF file.^^J%
\perCent\space If you're viewing this file in Overleaf, you'll see that PDF^^J%
\perCent\space in the window to the right.^^J%
\perCent^^J%
\perCent\space This file is for typesetting YOUR ANSWERS to this homework assignment.^^J%
\perCent\space The LaTeX macro language is complicated, so we have inserted lots of^^J%
\perCent\space documenting comments into the file.  Comments start with '\perCent'^^J%
\perCent\space and continue to the end of the line.  In Overleaf's edit window, they^^J%
\perCent\space are colored green.^^J%
\perCent\space ^^J%
\perCent\space Comments prefixed with 'Student:' are relevant to students. Skip any-^^J%
\perCent\space thing else you don't understand, or ask me.^^J%
}
\edef\solpbl{\perCent\space This is a LaTeX file.  It is a text file that is compiled^^J%
\perCent\space by a program called LaTeX into a pretty PDF file.^^J%
\perCent\space If you're viewing this file in Overleaf, you'll see that PDF^^J%
\perCent\space in the window to the right.^^J%
\perCent^^J%
\perCent\space This file is for typesetting SOLUTIONS AND REMARKS for this homework^^J
\perCent\space assignment.  As with the questions file, you can read the source code^^J%
\perCent\space if you want to know how I typeset the math that appears in the PDF.%
}
\generate{
    \usepreamble\qnspbl\file{\jobname.qns.tex}{\from{\jobname.dtx}{questions}}
    \usepreamble\solpbl\file{\jobname.sol.tex}{\from{\jobname.dtx}{questions,solutions}}
}
\endbatchfile
%</driver>
%<*questions>
\documentclass{article}
%% This is some font management depending on the TeX “engine” being used.
%% Nothing to worry about.
\usepackage{ifxetex}
\ifxetex
  \usepackage{fontspec}
\else
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{lmodern}
\fi

%% Student: These lines describe some document metadata.

\title{Problem Set {{ cookiecutter.problem_set_number }}}

\usepackage{etoolbox}
%<answers>\makeatletter\preto{\@title}{Answers to }\makeatother
%<solutions>\makeatletter\preto{\@title}{Solutions to }\makeatother
\author{{ '{%' }}{# } #}
%<!answers>    Prof. Leingang
%<*answers>
%% Student: change the next line to your name!
    Sally Student
%</answers>
\\
{{ cookiecutter.course_number }} {{ cookiecutter.course_name }}
}

\date{Due {{ cookiecutter.due_date }}}


%% These lines set up the question, answer, and solution environments.
\usepackage{amsthm}
\usepackage{amssymb}
\usepackage{amsmath}
%<!answers&!solutions>\theoremstyle{definition}
%<answers|solutions>\theoremstyle{plain}
\newtheorem{question}{Question}

\newenvironment{answer}[1][Answer]
    {\begin{proof}[#1]\renewcommand\qedsymbol{$\vartriangle$}}
    {\end{proof}}
\newenvironment{solution}[1][Solution]
    {\begin{proof}[#1]\renewcommand\qedsymbol{$\blacktriangle$}}
    {\end{proof}}
% These make enumerates within questions start at the second ("(a)") level, 
% rather than the first ("1.") level.
\makeatletter
    \newcommand{\stepenumdepth}{\advance\@enumdepth\@ne}
\makeatother
\AtBeginEnvironment{question}{\stepenumdepth}
\AtBeginEnvironment{answer}{\stepenumdepth}
\AtBeginEnvironment{solution}{\stepenumdepth}

\theoremstyle{remark}
\newtheorem*{hint}{Hint}
\newtheorem*{note}{Note}

\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{siunitx}
\DeclareSIUnit{\pound}{lb}
\DeclareSIUnit{\mile}{mi}
\usepackage{bm}

\usepackage{tikz}
\usetikzlibrary{calc}
\usepackage{caption,subcaption}

\usepackage{mathtools}
\usepackage{pgfplots}
\newcommand{\pd}[2]{ \frac{\partial #1}{\partial #2} }
\newcommand{\pdd}[2]{ \frac{\partial^2 #1}{ \partial #2^2} }
\newcommand{\pdm}[3]{ \frac{\partial^2 #1}{ \partial #3 \partial #2 } }
\newcommand{\divergence}{\operatorname{div}}
\pgfplotsset{copy domain/.style={
    domain=\pgfkeysvalueof{/pgfplots/xmin}:\pgfkeysvalueof{/pgfplots/xmax},
    y domain=\pgfkeysvalueof{/pgfplots/ymin}:\pgfkeysvalueof{/pgfplots/ymax}
}}
\tikzset{
    point/.style={circle,fill,inner sep=0pt,outer sep=0pt,minimum width=1ex}
}

\usepackage{hyperref}
\usepackage{eqnalign}
%% This is the beginning of the part of the file that describes
%% the actual text of the document.
%% That's why it says `\begin{document}' below. :-)
\begin{document}
\maketitle

%<*!answers&!solutions>
%</!answers&!solutions>



%<*template>
\begin{question}
\end{question}
%<*solutions>
\begin{solution}
\end{solution}
%</solutions>
%</template>
\end{document}


%</questions>
